

Only Time Could Tell What
God Has Planned For You
Anthony Lee

Copyright©2006 Anthony Lee
Printed in the United States of America
Published by:
Grace Publications
2050 W. Devon Avenue
Chicago, Illinois 60659
773.465.5300
Book Design & Cover by:
Carlos A. Irizarry
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be repro-
duced or transmitted in any form or by any means,
graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photo-
copying, recording, taping, or by any information stor-
age or retrieval system, without the permission in writ-
ing from the publisher.
Unless otherwise noted, all scripture quotations are
from
the New International Version (NIV) of the Holy Bible.
For licensing / copyright information, for additional
copies or prayer testimony call:
Anthony Lee
(708) 296-7663
ISBN 1-4276-0645-5

“For the Spirit that God has given us does not
make us timid; instead, His Spirit fills us with
power, love, and self-control.”
Paul the apostle (2 Timothy 1:7)


TABLE OF CONTENTS
_______________________________________________
Dedication  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .ix
Forward  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .xi
Acknowledgment  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .xiii
Introduction & Personal Testimony  . . . . . . . . . . .xv
Chapter 1 - Guarding Your Blessings  . . . . . . . . . . .1
Chapter 2 - Leaning On “His” Understanding  . . .3
Chapter 3 - His Confirmations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .7
Chapter 4 - They do not know what they do  . . . .11
Chapter 5 - Ministering by example  . . . . . . . . . . .15
Chapter 6 - Jesus Only  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19
Chapter 7 - God’s Love  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .23
Chapter 8 - Forgiveness Is Divine  . . . . . . . . . . . . .27
Chapter 9 - True Faith  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .31
Chapter 10 - The wages of sin?  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .37
Chapter 11 - A lesson to be learned!  . . . . . . . . . . .41
Chapter 12 - Oil & Water  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .45
Chapter 13 - One in Christ  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .49
Chapter 14 - Power in Prayer!  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .55
Chapter 15 - A Wise Rebuke  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .57
Chapter 16 - Ask God First  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .61
Chapter 17 - 7 Steps Home . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .65
Chapter 18 - God’s Will, Not His  . . . . . . . . . . . . .69
Chapter 19 - Conclusion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .71
vii
W


DEDICATION
w
In loving memory of my mom
Janet Lee
1964 - 2005
ix
W


FORWARD
w
Not very often do you come across someone
that went through such a sever tragedy praising
God.  I know, I went through the belly of the
beast and I would never been able to get through
that without the Grace of God.  I know ‘How
God Moves’.  He moves totally opposite of how
we would – thank God!
I encourage each and every soul that calls on
the name of Jesus, for guidance, strength, and
peace, to read this book.  On one hand it will con-
vict us by showing how we as Children have not
totally trusted God, by lacking faith.  Secondly, we
will be encouraged to see that what ever we are
facing, in our own personal walk with God, He
will not leave us or forsake us (Duet. 31:6).
As I read this book I could not help but see
the way the Lord moved in this entire situation.
How He was working, shaping and molding,
Anthony’s heart in all the while establishing His
divine appointment to take place more than eight
hundred miles away.
My prayers are that every Christian would
ask the Lord Christ Jesus to open their Spiritual
eyes, ears, and most importantly their hearts to
truly understand how God moves.
Bob Ely
xi
W


ACKNOWLEDGMENT
w
I want to personally thank the following
Churches: Midway Church of God, Victory
Outreach, Chicago Christian Center, God is
Good Ministries, Pastor Lave (Brooklyn, NY.),
Pastor Jerry (NJ), and all the Churches that kept
us in prayer for we would not have been able to
do it alone.
xiii
W


Introduction & Personal Testimony
w
A lot of people might say to themselves:
‘What is this book about?’ Well, it all started on
or about October 28, 2004 when I started reading
the Word of God.  Listen, I went to Church
before.  As a matter of fact I attended Church for
approximately three years straight, but I never
had a personal relationship with Him (Jesus).  
When I started studying the Bible I finally
seen and understood the truth, which was if you
don’t take this serious you will eventually end up
just like me.  Let me explain, in the years when I
was playing Church, I was miserable doing
things that I am very much ashamed of today
such as:  beating up my wife, drinking, partying,
adultery, cursing, fighting, hurting people with
words, greed, lust, idolatry, smoking, etc,.
I did not change overnight, but in the course
of eight or nine months I started to feel a differ-
ence.  Even the people around me noticed a
change.  Don’t get me wrong every body is dif-
ferent when it comes to change.  Some change
faster than others.  But the point I am trying to
get across is that NO CHANGE will happen unless
you allow God to work in your life through the
“Word Of God” (Gal. 3:5).
For one year, I read the Bible everyday and
night until I read through the whole thing.  Every
xv
W

single Book showed me a new character of God.
Every single Book showed me something new
about myself, which helped me look at life a lit-
tle different.  More Spiritually!
After only two months of studying the Bible,
God put it in my heart to do Bible studies and
they’re still going on today!  Glory to God they
have helped others as well.
Why am I telling you all this stuff because
you would have never totally understood the
story had you not read a little bit about myself
first.  You see without having the Word of God in
my life I would never have been able to go
through those tough times.
I ask that you pray before you read this
book so that God can open up your Spiritual
eyes. This is a testimony on how I got through
one of the toughest times in my life my mother
died at 41 years old. And this book you’re
about to read is about to show you how God
moved in this tragedy God used it for His testi-
mony.  Amen!
Anthony Lee
_______________________________________
Scripture quotes taken from the following
translations: GNB, CEV, ASV, KJV
xvi
W

CHAPTER 1  b GUARDING YOUR BLESSINGS.
w
On August 1, 2005 my wife and me were
going to the bank.  God had just Blessed us with
an opportunity to purchase a home from our
Pastor.  There is a real reason why I am men-
tioning this because it is a prime example of
how our enemy tries to attack us when some-
thing good happens.  The devil will try to do
everything he can to rob you of your Blessings.
He (the devil) would have loved it if I would of
forgot about all of the good God had been doing
in my life, especially when He opened the door
for us to purchase our first home with very lit-
tle money down.
You see, when I got the phone call about my
mother being sick in the hospital and that she
might die the devil saw a good opportunity to
start planting seeds of doubt questioning God.
Always remember that when things are going
good in your life that’s when you should be on
your best guard.  Knowing that all the devil
wants to do is to lie, steal, kill, and destroy.
1
W

~ NOTES ~
2
W

CHAPTER 2  b LEANING ON “HIS” UNDERSTANDING.
w
After we finished what we had to do at the
bank we immediately went home.  Then we start-
ed making arrangements to go to New York City
to see what was going on with my mother.  While
we were making phone calls and preparing to
leave, God put it in my heart to fast until He
showed me His will for my mother.  Also, God
revealed how I should fast: nothing except water.
He showed me that I should fast the same way
King David fasted for his baby (2 Sam. 12:16).
David prayed to God that his child would get
well.  He refused to eat anything, and every night
he went into his room and spent the night lying
on the floor.  I didn’t understand the importance
of this story in light of my situation, especially
when King David’s baby ended up dying.  What
did this have to do with me?  What was God try-
ing to tell me?  I was afraid, confused, and
almost to the point where I wanted to lean on my
own understanding.
So I started to read the Bible.  I told God
that I needed help and that only He could
encourage me.  Also, that I wouldn’t depend on
anyone else.  Immediately, I fell to the floor
3
W

and opened the Word to:
“I am telling you the truth: those who hear
my words and believe in him who sent me have
eternal life.  They will not be judged, but have
already passed from death to life” (John 5:24).
So I figured my mother was going to get up
from that hospital bed.  Then I get a phone call
from my mother-in-law, Juanita, who is a
Blessed woman of God.  Later finding out that
she called to pray for me.  We began to pray and
while she was praying, she asked God ‘For the
Grace that King David asked for his baby to stay
alive.’ This took me by surprise because I know
how the story ends: the baby dies!
Was all this by chance?  No!  Nothing in
Christianity happens by chance.  There is only
confirmation.  At the time, remember that I was
fasting, and that was all I needed to hear.  I knew
with out a shadow of doubt that my fast began
with the strength of God.  When God tells you
something He will always confirm it through
someone that is in the Word of God.  He could
even use a billboard.  The point is when God tells
you something or when He speaks through
someone, whatever was spoken will be con-
firmed.  Even the Bible instructs us in these mat-
ters.  He tells us through Scripture that we should
test every Spirit and to be anxious for nothing.
4
W

Basically what I am saying is that God is not
a God of confusement.  No, neither will He give
you a Spirit of fear (2 Tim 2:7).  If you think it is
God speaking: ask and you shall receive.  He will
not resent you asking, but will actually honor
your request.  
Sometimes the devil will try to make you do
wrong and if he can’t he will make you do right
wrong: meaning you think your doing Gods will
but only to find out that your not.  The key thing
to get a yes or no answer from God  is one of the
most important fruits of the Spirit, which is
Patience.  Amen!
5
W

~ NOTES ~
6
W

CHAPTER 3  b
HIS CONFIRMATIONS.
w
August 2, 2005, we board the plane at
Midway Airport to New York’s LaGuardia.  On
the way my wife and me were seated next to a
man.  While he was talking on the phone I was
reading a book on how to win your loved ones
to Christ. It was a short book.  I actually read
the book the night before but I wanted to brush
up on it.  Also, I was hoping that my wife
would read it too.
I overheard this man that was sitting next to
me on the phone speaking of God and family.  As
soon as he hung up the phone I asked him if he
was a Christian.  We started talking to him and I
eventually asked if he had family members that
he would like to see come to Christ.  He said yes!
It seemed to me that this was the topic of the day
so I handed him the book and he asked me if he
could keep it.  I said yes!
I was really hoping that my wife would have
had a chance to read the book, but with her
watching the kids she never would have been
able too.  I explained the book to her and I
believe that she received the fullness of the book.
The moral of the book was to always show love
7
W

no matter how people act or what they say, and
never to act greater than them. I also explained
to her that the important thing is for people to see
the change that has taken place in your life.
Once that change is visible then people will fol-
low you or what you believe (1 Peter 3:1).  In
some cases you don’t even have to say a word.
Because they will see how pure and reverent
your conduct is (1 Peter 3:2).
Jesus was Crucified to draw people closer to
Him.  Not to force them away, but to draw them
closer by showing the love of Christ.  No matter
how hard this may sound the Bible teaches us
love wins over all.  So my point is God started
my trip by me giving that book to a person who
was in need of some help.  That was his confir-
mation and I am believing in Jesus’ name that his
family member will be saved on God’s time
according to His will. 
I remember turning to my wife, Gina, and
saying ‘God is already working to help people
and were not even there yet’. Right, then and
there I knew that the Lord was about to use me
for His Glory in New York.  
A couple of months ago God put it in my
heart to go to a lot of people I knew there and do
a Bible study.  I waited patiently!  I received con-
8
W

firmation after confirmation, but I didn’t feel it
was the right time to go.  Now I knew it was the
right time because of what was going on.  I knew
now that I was going to do some kind of ministry
for God’s Glory.
God will always let you know in advance like
when I received the call about my mother.  Two
weeks before this all happened I was worried
about my mother.  I didn’t know why.  I just did
and I tried to call her several times but her phone
number was disconnected.  The last time I spoke
with her we were praying and she had told me that
she wanted to go to Church.  She was crying
because she wanted God’s peace in her life.
It was not all that strange when I finally
received the call about my mother.  But I also
believe that God is in complete control over
every situation.  He will keep us from temptation
and He will not allow us to bear anything to
heavy.  He will also make a way out and that
doorway for me was His strength.  The Bible
says: “When I am weak, then I am strong” (2
Cor. 12:10b.).  I decided to rely on Him to make
me strong that I may get through it without hurt-
ing my testimony.  There is one thing the devil
can never steal from you and that is your testi-
mony.  Amen!
9
W

~ NOTES ~
10
W

CHAPTER 4  b THEY DO NOT KNOW WHAT THEY DO.
w
We landed in New York and as soon as we
got to the hospital I went straight to my mothers
room.  I saw her full of hoses that were connect-
ed to machines.  Now the weird thing is my
mother is only forty (41) one years old.  She was
normally a woman that had twice the energy of
anyone I knew.  Now she’s lying there helpless
like a eighty (80) year old woman.  Remember
we are talking about a woman that is in the prime
of her life and the doctors are saying they don’t
know why she is brain dead.
The last person to see her was her husband
and the worst part is he is known for loosing his
temper to the point where he was once accused
of killing someone.
Was this his entire fault that she was there?  All
I knew was that she had bruises all over her arms
and a cut five (5) inches across her throat.  I found
out later that two weeks before he put a knife to her
throat.  You are probably asking why or how I
knew this happened.  My mother had told my sis-
ters.  They eventually told me after the fact. 
My point is that all the odds were stacked
up against him and I didn’t know what to think.
11
W

As all this is going through my mind my mom’s
husband walks in the room.  He starts talking
about how he found my mother lying at home
on the bed not breathing.  The strange thing is
that he said she was sleeping for twenty (20)
hours before he decided to check up on her.  He
continued saying that they had been drinking
the night before and that he figured she was just
hung over from the drinking.
While he’s telling me all this, all that is
going through my mind is what I had been read-
ing in the book of Jeremiah.  It says that ‘the
vengeance is the Lords’ and that kept playing
through my mind.
So he goes on by telling me how he lit a can-
dle and prayed for my mother.  Oh!  Just so you
know he prays to a saint from Africa.  I interrupt-
ed him by saying that all I knew was what the
Bible tells me.  I went on to explain how Jesus
said in the Book of John that there’s only one
way to get to the father and that way was through
Jesus.  I went on to say that I was going to con-
tinue trusting in Jesus to get me through this and
that I knew He was going to get my mother
through this also.
I began to tell this guy the story of Lazarus
and how Jesus raised him from the dead and
12
W

some of the other things Christ did in the Bible.
I moved on to tell him of the promises God made
to us in His Word.
I thought that I was going to kill this guy, but
God had a different plan.  God ministered to me
telling me: how can you ask a Blessing from Me
while you desire to curse and kill someone.  I
could not help but think of how there are over
7000 promises in the Bible.  Thank God that I
remembered a few of them to get me through
that moment.
When the people were crucifying Jesus do
you think God or Jesus wanted revenge.  No.  Of
course not! Jesus said forgive them for they do
not know what they do.  I felt the darkness
around him and the people that were in the hos-
pital.  God told me to shine your light and bring
the darkness to light and right there I knew I was
receiving strength from God.  And He was taking
over my situation.  I didn’t even feel that I was
talking anymore.  God was now in control.
13
W

~ NOTES ~
14
W

CHAPTER 5  b MINISTERING BY EXAMPLE.
w
I went downstairs to buy a CD player head
set.  I put on a CD from Pastor Dubi’s choir.  I
took it with me up stairs so that my mother could
hear the music.  I kept thinking to my self that
my mother was going to hell because she didn’t
know the Lord and her life didn’t reflect it.  She
told fortune her whole life and I know what the
Bible says about that.  In the Book of Leviticus
is clearly says: “I will condemn people who turn
to mediums and psychics and chase after them as
though they were prostitutes.  I will EXCLUDE
them from the people” (Leviticus 20:6). Also in
verse seven of the same chapter says: “Live holy
lives.  Be holy because I am the Lord your God”
(Lev. 20:7).  That’s just one Scripture that was
going through my mind.  
Most fortune tellers think they can play God,
like when you tell people that you can help them
in certain areas of there lives no matter what the
circumstance is.  Whether small or great, but the
Truth is they can’t even help yourself.
We need to direct people to God not keep
them from the Truth.  Fortune tellers say: Well, I
tell them to pray to God and go to Church.
15
W

That’s where the devil is working.  He try’s to
cause them to go blind to what your doing.
Remember the Bible says know the Truth and the
Truth will set you free.  It doesn’t say know some
of the Truth.  That Truth is Jesus!
It also says that you can only get to the
Father through the Son.  Not through the fortune
tellers or your own strength.  If it were based on
yourself then you would be as a god.  Not need-
ing anyone for anything, especially the work that
Jesus did for the World on Calvary.  Remember
that His name is above all names; not fortune
tellers are any one else names.
The most important truth that I am trying to
teach you is that if you keep on sinning after you
have received the Truth of God you are to be
judged (Hebrews 10:26).  All that there is left is
to be judged according to the Law, which is and
was a curse upon man.
Even though that is pretty strong that’s
exactly what was going through my mind; no
more sacrifices?  Wow, is all I could think.  I
can’t tell you how long God will keep forgiving
your sins, but do want to test Him?  Of course
not!  I just feel that people need to know all of
this because the Bible teaches: “My people are
destroyed for the lack of their knowledge:
16
W

because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject
thee, that thou shall be no priest to me: seeing thou hast
forgotten the law of thy God, I also will forget thy chil-
dren” (Hosea 4:6). 
There is nothing worst to know that one of your fam-
ily members are going to hell.  So when witnessing to a
family member that might be involved in fortune telling
or what ever the case may be just show that the Love of
Christ hoping that they might be ministered to.
17
W

~ NOTES ~
18
W

CHAPTER 6  b JESUS ONLY.
w
The rest of the day was basically talking to
my other family members and doctors.  Both
were giving my mother no hope to live.  My fam-
ily was actually talking about funeral arrange-
ments and it was only the second day.  Negative
and faithless people surrounded me.  A few hours
later some people & friends of the family, came
over to pray for my mother.  It was great, so after
we prayed we went downstairs in the lobby.  We
talked for awhile mostly about the Word and then
I discovered they were “Jesus Only.”  They tried
to debate with me so I began to tell them that the
Word of God is meant to save souls.  Not to be
debated, that is just what the devil would want us
to do.  Then I was lead to show them Scripture
where all three are in one place.  The Father, the
Son and the Holy Spirit.
And Jesus when he was baptized, went up
straightway from the water: and lo, the heavens
were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of
God descending as a dove, and coming upon him
(Matthew 3:16).  Again, and lo, a voice came out
of heaven, saying, this is my beloved Son, in
whom I am well pleased (Mat. 3:17).  What a
19
W

great Scripture, when I shared that verse of
Scripture with them they didn’t say anything.
Then they were trying to go point for point so I
told them Catholics, Protestants, and Greek
Orthodox all have different opinions but we all
agree on the same God.  I explained that it is all
about a relationship with Jesus.  If you don’t
have that you don’t have anything.  I don’t care
what denomination you belong to, just as long as
you have a personal relationship.
Then we left the hospital because I had to get
a motel room for my family and me.  They
agreed to take me but they insisted to take me to
dinner first.  Now remember that I am still fast-
ing at this point and on the way to the restaurant
I got sick and weak.  I had to pull over the car,
but praise the Lord I asked for Gods strength.
Praise the Lord He gave me my strength I need-
ed.  So now we were at dinner, but I had to tell
them I was fasting.  Usually I don’t tell anyone
but my wife, but they were trying to force food
in my mouth.  I told them and that had became a
doorway for me to open the door for me to talk
about the Word of God.  Plus, I told them a testi-
mony of how me and my friend Gino had fasted
three days with just water, and how strong we
felt the presence of God.  I also told them how
20
W

fasting changed my life and how fasting went
side by side with prayer.
Then we started talking about how they still
drink and tell fortune.  I showed them John 3:16
which says: “For God so loved the world, that he
gave his only begotten son, that whosoever
believeth on him should not perish, but have
eternal life.” That word believeth in Greek
means three different things.  (1) Is to respect.
(2) To commit.  (3) To trust, which means that
you can trust God to take anything out of your
life like drinking.
We shared the Word a little longer then
they dropped me off to the motel.  We prayed
and I thought to myself that it was Gods will
that they were there that night and for them to
hear those words of encouragement.  The
Bible says that His Word will not come back
void.  The Bible says a whisper of encourage
encouragement Angels in heaven rejoice.
What an encouragement to know that the
Angels in Heaven are rejoicing.  Isn’t it an
awesome feeling to know just because you’re
talking about the Word that Angels are rejoic-
ing in Heaven?  Amen! 
21
W

~ NOTES ~
22
W

CHAPTER 7  b GOD’S LOVE.
w
August 3, 2005.  The very next day I went
back to my mother’s room at the hospital.  I was
praying and reading my Bible and the same
nurse that was bothering me the night before,
which I failed to mention in the last chapter. I
understand her point.  It was the typical Gypsy
scene, 100 people in the hospital and all the kids
running around.  Anyways she comes in the
room at the time that a pastor and I are praying.
She overheard us on a speakerphone praying.
She comes to my side and nudges me on the
shoulder and says excuse me, but I didn’t move
or open my eyes because I knew that it was an
attack from the devil.  She was being pure mean
to me and the way she said excuse me was in an
aggravated tone.  
I finished my prayer and asked her why she
had interrupted me while we were praying both
last night and today.  I went on to tell her that I
don’t understand why she was doing this.  I
asked her if she knew God and she said yes.
Again I said if you knew God you would not
have been so mean to me.  She denied what I was
accusing her of.  Then I quoted Scripture to her
23
W

saying: “Dear friends, let us love one another,
because love comes from God.  Whoever loves,
is a child of God and knows God” (1 John 4:7).
Then I told her if she knows God then she
would have showed love towards others.  Not
just the ones you know, but all good and bad.
She ended up saying sorry and she turned out to
be a sweetheart.
So next time you come to a situation like this,
remember Love wins over, yes, it would be easy
to yell and argue.  That's what the devil wants.
He would have loved it if I would have argued
with her, but instead I beat the attack with the
word of God. Amen!
24
W

~ NOTES ~
25
W


CHAPTER 8  b FORGIVENESS IS DIVINE.
w
Then I went down stairs and started talking
to some people that came over to see how my
mom was doing.  We started sharing the Word of
God and I passed out some CD’s and Bible study
papers that I brought with me from Chicago;
they were about Jeremiah 29:11.
We hung out for a while waiting for the doc-
tors to update my mothers condition.  Then
Pastor Lave came to my mother’s room to pray
for her.  He gave her the sinners prayer hoping
that while she was yet unconscious, by faith she
heard and accepted.  After praying we walked
together in the waiting room and I showed him
the study I prepared on Jeremiah 29:11: reacting
on God’s plan.  Pastor looked at me and said:
“Anthony, it would be a Blessing if you could
share this tonight.  If you can’t  I understand.”
Of course I said yes, remember how I told you
that God put it on my heart to share in NY., so of
course I accepted.
He agreed on picking me up to bring me to
Church, then he prayed for me.  A few hours later
a Pastor tom walks in.  He is an evangelist from
Brooklyn Tabernacle Church.  He came because
27
W

my wife saw him praying for others in the hospi-
tal and she asked him if he would mind coming
and praying for my mom.
While he was praying, I heard a word from
God and He told me to ask Pastor Tom if I should
preach tonight at the Gypsy Church..  I decided
to ask him while I walked him out, and he told
me that I should stay by my mother’s side.
Praise God I was glad that he told me not to
because I know God is not a God of confusion.
I was scared and confused about leaving my
mom and I really did not want to preach because
I had so much on my mind.  I called to Pastor
Lave and told him my situation and he under-
stood completely.  The point is before there were
churches there was family and sometimes I take
that for granted.  I try to help people learn and
love the Word of God so they can be in one
accord with their family.  So much that I forget
about my own responsibilities.
Were supposed to raise up our kids in the
Word, not in the world.  We are responsible to
show love to our family in word and in action.
We are also responsible to keep them in Church.  
A lot of people might say that is corny or that
is crazy, but as long as I am giving my children
what they need according to the Bible, then that
28
W

is all that matters.  The most important thing to
know is that you are worshipping God when you
spend time together as a family: “Have many
children, so that your descendants will live all
over the Earth, and bring it under their control”
(Gen. 1:28). 
29
W

~ NOTES ~
30
W

CHAPTER 9  b TRUE FAITH.
w
As I stood by my mothers side, I got the
chance to share the Word with my sisters and
brother-in-laws.  My one brother-in-law was
very worried about my mom.  He barely slept.
Also he wanted to argue with my mother’s hus-
band.  I started to talk with him and share the
words of the Lord when He said: “…Love one
another. As I have loved you, so you must love
one another (John 13:34).  Also: “If you love one
another, then everyone will know that you are
my disciples” (Jn. 13:35).  So basically you can’t
fight evil with evil.  But using love and by doing
what the Lord told us through His Word.  After
hearing that my brother-in-law hugged me and
started to cry.  Right there I knew God touched
his heart and put peace upon him.  I told him of
how the vengeance is the Lord’s.  Even if he
killed my mother, isn’t God a God of forgiveness
and mercy.  If God used Paul to write 13 books
of the N.T. and allowed him to open some of the
first Churches knowing that he killed and perse-
cuted the early Christians.  Who are we to judge
anybody, no matter what happens bad or good it
all works out for God’s Glory.  The point that I’m
31
W

trying to make is don’t hold grudges (Lev.
19:18).  Instead, love one another as the Lord
loved us.
Just as we were talking, a doctor comes and
says their having a meeting about my mother.  So
we followed the doctors and sat down around
this big table.  My whole family was there with
us; my sisters Gina, Valerie, My aunt Debbie,
My uncles John, Jimbo, My father Larry, My
brother Steve, My Grand-Mother Barney, my
brother-in-law Michael, and my mothers hus-
band Mike [keep him in prayer].  
The doctors began by saying that my mother
is dead.  He said that he knew that it must be hard
on us, but she was already dead when she came
in here 3 days ago.  Only the machines are keep-
ing her alive and you need to start making
arrangements.  My sister Gina started screaming
and yelling at Mike saying she didn’t want him
at the funeral.
I did not want to see my mother this way so
I asked the doctor who had the rights to pull the
plug and he told me that I did.  Scripture kept
coming to me showing me that she was in heav-
en.  Then Jesus said to the woman, your sins are
forgiven.  The others sitting at the table began to
say to themselves, “Who is this, who even for-
32
W

gives sins?”  But Jesus said to the woman, “Your
faith has saved you; go in peace” (Luke 7:48-50).
Still a little confused as what to do the Lord
showed me yet another verse of Scripture:
…”Those who listen to what I say and believe in
the one who sent me will have eternal life.  They
won’t be judged because they have already
passed from death to life” (John 5:24).
Reading that Scripture a few days ago, I
thought that my mom was going to wake up, but
know I knew that she wasn’t just going to wake
up rather she was going to heaven.
Honestly I still could not come to grips with
the fact that she was dead.  I would look at her
and I would think that she was sleeping.  I did
not know what to do, my spirit was telling me
one thing and my flesh was telling me another.  I
figured to go outside to get some fresh air, while
I was outside I was thinking that it was up to me
to pull the plug.  I knew that my brother and sis-
ters would listen to me.
My phones rings and it was Pastor Teddy
from North Carolina.  I knew that he called to
comfort me, but I started telling him all of my
problems and everything that was going on.  I
went on to tell him of how I was fasting and how
the Lord was showing me about King David.
33
W

The way he fasted for his baby and how even
though he fasted for the baby the baby still died. 
As we were praying the Lord showed me that
even though the baby died, he was in heaven
with me.  I couldn’t stop crying and as a matter
of fact this was the first time I cried.  Before this
time I could not cry.  The reason I started crying
was that God had originally showed me how to
fast and that the baby would eventually die any
ways.  But what God revealed to me was WHEN
BABY’S DIE THEY GO STRAIGHT TO HEAVEN.
God was truly teaching me a lesson.  That
lesson was to seek Him and to ask Him for
patience, knowledge, and wisdom during this
time of whether or not my mom was in heaven.
Well praise God I received confirmation.
Know that when you are asking something
from the Lord you will receive an answer, but
are you really ready for His response.  That’s
the question you should ask yourself today.
Am I ready for the real answers?  Sometimes
we want from God whether it is direction, to be
closer to Him, or just a certain question
answered, but we are not willing to accept His
invitation, correction, or advice. That is what
you call satisfying the flesh but we need to
focus on how to satisfy the Spirit.
34
W

My mom looked like she was sleeping and
was about to wake up at any time, and that is
how we base our faith.  We look at the situation
and circumstances and base our faith on what we
see.  True faith is based on what you can’t see.
Jesus said: “You believe because you’ve seen
me.  Blessed are those who haven’t seen me but
believe” (John 20:29).  We don’t see Jesus per-
sonally but we see His work through Born Again
Believers.  We see and hear of his miracles.  We
know that His Word is true and we believe –
that’s faith!
I found out that day that the devil would use
sickness, hurt, pain, financial, lust, greed, and
anger against you. It is our faith that makes us
overcome the schemes of the devil.
35
W

~ NOTES ~
36
W

CHAPTER 10  b THE WAGES OF SIN?
w
Now came the time to tell everybody my
decision, so I entered the hospital and called
everyone to come closer to me.  I began to tell
them everything God showed me about my
mother.  Out of the 24 people that were there
about 90% of them were fortune-tellers.  It
wasn’t that easy because not everybody was
family there.  I began speaking boldly about
fortune-telling and how it is witch craft, evil,
and a form of acting like a god [if you are being
convicted that is just confirmation].  Don’t get
me wrong sin is sin and the Bible tells us that
the wages of sin is death.  I went on to say that
when you put up signs for business, Spiritually
you are advertising, not psychic reading, but
demons wanted.
I said that tomorrow we were going to
remove my mom from the machines.  After that
we left the hospital and my wife told me that one
of the woman asked her if what I said was true.
My wife told her it was in the Bible. 
God already started working; watering the
seed that I planted.  Glory to God!  As for the
rest, I know that God will minister to them on
37
W

His time.  The Bible says that his word will not
come back void, and it also says know the truth
and the truth will set you free.  Amen!
38
W

~ NOTES ~
39
W


CHAPTER 11  b A LESSON TO BE LEARNED!
w
The next day we go to the hospital, waiting
for my sister to come, so that I could convince
her that she needs to stay in the Word and go to
Church.  Remember that I am still fasting,
because I know that this is a battle.  I’m telling
my sister Valerie and she is listening to me talk,
but I feel that it is going in one ear and going
out the other.  Then my other sister Gina walks
in with a bunch of gifts for my mom.  She goes
on to tell us of the dream that he had and how
she seen our mother in heaven.  Then I told her
everything and she started crying.  I sent her
upstairs to see our mom and I told her not to
allow the devil to hinder her thoughts about
how she looks.  Then I had to tell her about the
medicine that the doctors were giving her to
keep the swelling down.  The medicine made
her look like she was sleeping.  She said that
she understood.
I finished my fast and as the Lord put His
peace upon us we went to get something to eat.
Then we went upstairs to see my mother.  While
we were going upstairs my mothers husband
walks in and at that point I blew up.  I told him
41
W

to get out of the room.  I said: “Do you think we
are crazy?”  
Yes, I blew up and I was wrong.  It was not
Christian of me to yell and scream at him like
that.  The Holy Spirit of my actions convicted me
later.  I know how important my testimony is
representing God, and I knew not to act like that.
We went upstairs to my mother and as I seen
her there I couldn’t believe how at peace she
looked for the first time. I ordered the removal of
the machines.  After, I ordered the removal of the
machines I knew that this was God’s will.  I
remember looking at her and thinking to myself
how peaceful she looked.  Then God showed me
how weeks before when my mom and me prayed
she had asked for God’s peace. She finally
received the peace of God that no one but the
Lord could give her.
42
W

~ NOTES ~
43
W


CHAPTER 12  b OIL & WATER.
w
So now all of the family is driving to N.J.
because most of our family live out there.  We
went to my uncle John’s house and all of the fam-
ily started to talk, especially my cousin Gabby.
She was telling me about the boy she wants to
marry.  She said that she does not want to tell for-
tune anymore, but the boy wants her too.
I read her the Scripture found in the Book of
Leviticus 19:19: “Obey my commands.  … Do
not plant two kinds of seeds in the same field.”  I
began to tell her not to plant wrong seeds in her
life and as Christians we are to bear good fruit for
the Lord.  And that we should only say and do
good things in our lives (Col. 3:17).  Also I used
the illustration of how oil and water do not mix.
Showing us clearly that we must, as Christians,
separate ourselves from the World.  So I went on
to tell her that if he loves you, he will respect your
decision.  And if you have to choose between
them, I would hope that you choose God.
She started telling me of how she loves God
and that she reads the Bible everyday and that she
doesn’t want to hurt God by telling fortune.
Mainly because she uses the Lord’s name in vain. 
45
W

I went on to tell her how important it was to
produce good fruit and how by our ways we can
contaminate that fruit.  In some cases I told her
that those fruit that are dirty could be washed.
Jesus said: “but those who drink the water that I
will give them will never be thirsty again.  The
water that I will give them will become in them
a spring which will provide them with life-giving
water and give them eternal life” (John 4:14).
After she heard this she said: Anthony, I think I
am going to give up telling fortune.  She later
broke up with that boy and is now seeing a
Christian from Chicago that serves with me as an
usher. Amen.
46
W

~ NOTES ~
47
W


CHAPTER 13  b ONE IN CHRIST.
w
The very next day my wife and me and my
uncle Michael went to stay the night by my sis-
ter’s house.  At the time my sister was having
problems with her husband.  They had been
fighting a lot and my sister found out that he was
cheating on her.  I’m telling you this story
because I was the same way.  While I heard the
way my sister’s husband was treating her, I
couldn’t help think of how I used to treat Gina
(my wife).  
Before I had a personal relationship with
Jesus and before I was convicted of my sins I
would have dealt with my brother-in-law differ-
ently, but because of the Love of Christ. I felt I
had to minister to him.
One night we were about to go to sleep and
he was talking to me and he really opened up to
me.  He told me how unhappy he was with my
sister.  He told me that he was just there for the
kid’s.  I remember thinking to myself of how I
did the same thing.  I understood exactly what he
was saying even though it was my sister.  I still
had compassion because God gave it to me.  It is
funny how God moves and uses our testimonies
49
W

for his purpose.  You see, I would never have
been able to relate to him if I did not personally
experience the same thing.  That is why the book
of James says: “My friends, consider yourselves
fortunate when all kinds of trials come your
way” (James 1:2).  Also: “for you know that
when your faith succeeds in facing such trials,
the result is the ability to endure” (James 1:3).
I believe that James is trying to say ‘what
don’t kill you only makes you stronger.’
So
when you go through something – praise the
Lord, because the devil wouldn’t waste his time
trying to bring you down unless you were a
threat to him.
Back to my conversation with my brother-in-
law, he began telling me that he goes to church
but he is not living a born again life.  So I told
him that you and your wife must be one or your
prayers will be hindered (1 Peter 3:7).  This
Scripture tells us that the wife is the weaker per-
son and that we are the priests of our home. 
I told him that are prayers are hindered
because we are the bride of Christ.  And Jesus is
the groom does Jesus cheat on us?  Certainly not!
The Word says that He will never leave us or for-
sake us.  Does Jesus beat us up and stay mad at
us for days?  Again I said no!  Does He bring up
50
W

our past after we asked or gave our forgiveness?
No!  His anger last only  a moment but his love
lasts forever.  And when He forgives you He also
forgets too.  Remember that the devil is throwing
your past in your face trying to make you feel
bad – not God!!  Jesus loves us and wants us to
have a relationship in our marriage that is one,
just like how we are one in Christ.
Then I began to share my personal testimony
with him and how I use to beat my wife while
she was pregnant.  She had caught me on the
phone many times with girls.  I even told her one
time that I loved someone else and that I did not
want her and that I wanted to leave her.  I told
him how I was full of pride and thought that I
was a tough guy.  The whole time my wife and
me were going to church thinking that I was a
Christian.  See I knew of God but I did not know
Him personally.  If I did I would not be doing the
things I were doing because the Bible says in the
book of Job: “and he said to man, ‘Behold, the
fear of the Lord, that is wisdom, and to turn away
from evil is understanding…” (Job 28:28).
If I had the fear of the Lord I would have
turned from the evil that was hindering my life.
It was a little late so we went to sleep.  But some-
thing happened when I got up I seen my sister
51
W

and Michael holding hands praying on their
knees in the corner of the room.  They were
dressed as if they were going to church and my
sister looked more mature and they both looked
at peace then I snapped out of the vision!
Well, the next couple of days we ran around
preparing for the funeral; it took so long because
we had to wait for the coroner’s office to get
results back.  Anyways, my uncle and me were
talking about the Word to my brother-in-law and
I knew that it was starting to affect him, because
God’s Word does not go out void.  But about two
months later my sister calls me and tells me how
her husband still curses her and beats her.  She
told me that he wished she was dead and every
time that she cried for my mother he tells her to
go in the bathroom to cry.
All I knew is the vision I had seen so all I
could do now is pray for her and call my broth-
er-in-law every so often to encourage him.  I
know he will change just like God changed me.
52
W

~ NOTES ~
53
W


CHAPTER 14  b POWER IN PRAYER!
w
At the funeral, I thought it would be crazy,
with people yelling, screaming, cursing, and
fighting, blaming each other, and you know all
of the things that happen when a tragedy takes
place, especially when Mike (my mother’s
husband) walked in.  But see we were praying
for peace for our family.  You see when the
Body of Christ comes together chains are bro-
ken, like when Paul was in jail.  What did the
church do -  they prayed!
Unity in Christ is what it is all about, I
mean yes there were tear’s flowing, but we all
truly felt the peace of God. Pastor Jerry came
and said some encouraging words.  We looked
at her and we knew that she was in Heaven
enjoying the presence of God.
In those few days I had a chance to see and
fellowship with people I have not seen in years.
I even had a chance to share my beliefs with
some Jesus only Christians.  Some of my
cousins came from PA. And to my surprise they
were in the Word.  So that was the funeral.
Thank God for the answered prayers.
55
W

~ NOTES ~
56
W

CHAPTER 15  b A WISE REBUKE.
w
My  brother-in-law Michael took us to the
airport and we were talking about a whole bunch
of things that happened all that week.  Also about
the family; that are not in the Word of God and
how you cannot get mad at them but only pray
for them.
So we got to the airport and began to pray
then we walked in the airport while waiting for
our tickets then my phone rings.  It’s my broth-
er-in-law.  Keep in mind that I’m feeling lost in
NYC because I have not been in Church for two
weeks.  Yes I was sharing God’s Word and try-
ing to show my light, but those last couple of
days I was getting attacked by negative
thoughts from course joking. (Col. 3:17).
Keep in mind  that I know that no one is per-
fect but I also know I was not trying my hardest.
Let me explain, Michael says to my uncle and
me that we changed these last few days.  I felt
horrible and I did not get mad because I knew it
was true.  He went on to say that he felt that I
was going to do a Bible study on “Being lost”
and I said yes that’s exactly how I feel – God
Bless!  I said thanks for being sensitive to the
57
W

Spirit and I told him that God was already work-
ing through him.  See the Bible says: “It is better
for a man to hear the rebuke of the wise than to
hear the song of fools” (Ecc. 7:5).
58
W

~ NOTES ~
59
W


CHAPTER 16  b ASK GOD FIRST.
w
I started walking around the airport waiting
for my plane to board thinking how I would put
this study together.  Then I noticed two girls
holding hands while I was passing by.
Something came to my mind, I said that’s an
abomination so immediately I went to them and
told them what I thought of their actions.  I asked
them if they believe in God.  They asked me
what I was talking about and explained to me
that they were sisters!  I don’t think you know
how I was embarrassed.  I felt my mouth drop
and I said how sorry that I was.  They called me
some names and I walked away thinking how
stupid I was.  I thought I saw something different
even others were looking at them too.  Minutes
later their mother came up to me and started
yelling at me.  At this point I thought that I was
going to get slapped, but I tried to explain and
say I was sorry.  She would not listen and I guess
I can’t blame her.
This was a great lesson for me.  I learned that
I should have asked God first before I went up to
them.  The Bible says: “What you think is the
right road may lead to death” (Prov. 16:25).  I
61
W

know everything happens for a reason, but at the
time I thought that I was doing the right thing.
The second thing that I did wrong was I did not
pray first (Phi. 4:6).  The third thing that I
learned was not to condemn others.  Jesus did
nothing but show love to all people.  You see the
devil threw his darts thinking that he won the
battle, but the only thing he did was help me
learn a very valuable lesson.
62
W

~ NOTES ~
63
W


CHAPTER 17  b 7 STEPS HOME.
w
So I boarded the plane and about 15 minutes
later I started thinking about what my brother-in-
law said about how my light was not shinning.
He told me that I changed.  It got me to think,
especially with the Bible study coming up.  I did
not have anything to share so I got out my pen
and paper.  The Lord showed me everything I did
wrong.  And He showed me how to get back to
where I needed to be.  The following study is to
know when you’re lost.
7 STEPS TO FINDING YOUR WAY HOME
1. Do you know when you’re lost?
Are you recognizing the surroundings?
Gal. 5:20
Col. 3:8
2. Do you know how you got lost?
Are you aware that you are on the
wrong path?
2 Thess. 3:6
Eph. 5:3-5;11
65
W

4. Do you admit when you’re lost?
Don’t try to hide from God or lie to
yourself.
Heb. 4:14-16
Rom. 10:10
5. Do you stop and ask for directions?
Do you ask God’s guidance?
2 Thess. 3:5
John 13:34
6. Do you follow directions?
When you get a Word or directions do
you take them?
Jos. 22:5
Ecc. 7:5
7. Do you know your way home?
Mark 8:22-26
8. Welcome Home!!!!
Now that we found our way lets not get
lost again, but if you do just pick up
your Bible and it will show you how to
get home.
66
W

~ NOTES ~
67
W


CHAPTER 18  b GOD’S WILL, NOT HIS.
w
As you know by now my mom is dead, but I
really feel that she just started living her life.
And I know that she is happy – Praise God!
The enemy thought that by bringing this upon
us that we would fall.  In fact the complete oppo-
site happened we became closer and our mothers
salvation became clear.  The devil tried the same
thing 2000 years ago with Judas Iscariot bringing
him to the point that he would betray Jesus.  But
the Lord used all this for His Glory.
That is why we should always thank God for
the trials and tribulations in our lives.  I will put it
to you this way, while I am writing the closing part
of this book my 2-week-old baby is in the hospital
for some kind of infection in her stomach.  She has
been there for 3 days now and I am not worried
because I know she is going to be alright.  It will
be just one more testimony for the Lord.
See a lot of people will make fun of me for
making this book and think I’m crazy, but the
Bible teaches us that we will be called “Peculiar
People.”  I am hoping that it just touches one per-
son for good.  Because the Bible says that when
one comes back all of Heaven rejoices!!!
69
W

~ NOTES ~
70
W

CHAPTER 19  b CONCLUSION.
w
I hope and pray that this book that God placed
in your hands touched you.  It is not by chance that
you have this book, it’s you conformation.
No matter what life throws at you and how
many arrows the enemy might throw at you
know that God will always look out for you.  As
a matter of fact, He made a weapon to fight
against the enemy.  Isaiah 49:2 – “He made my
words as sharp as a sword.  With his own hand
he protected me.  He made me like an arrow,
sharp, and ready for use.”  So what it is telling us
is that we are the ammunition and when the devil
shoots his arrow all we have to do is use what the
Lord supplied us with, which is His Word.  The
enemy tries to kill you with words and we have
to do the same thing – use Jesus’ Words. Trust
God when you go through a storm just know
God will move you through it.
God Bless You and Remember keep asking
and you will receive (Matthew 7:7,8)!!
Anthony Lee
71
W

17And whatever you do,
whether in word or deed,
do it all in the name of the
Lord Jesus, giving thanks to
God the Father through him.
COLOSSIANS 3:17
The Apostle Paul
All the glory goes to God.
